---
permalink: /
title: "Experience"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /experience/
  
---

{% include base_path %}

## Research Experience

### Research Associate
**Interactive Media Lab, Lahore University of Management Sciences**  
Oct 2022 - Present
Principal Investigators:
  - [Dr. Agha Ali Raza](https://aghaaliraza.com/)
  - [Dr. Maryam Mustafa](https://www.maryamustafa.com/)

### Work In Progress

- An Anatomy of WhatsApp Groups: Engaging Users Through A Public Messaging Intervention
  - Led the project
  - Joined public WhatsApp groups, extracted data from these groups, did qualitative (Thematic Analysis) and quantitative (Group Activity      Statistics) analysis of this data. Defined a criteria of shortlisting groups for our study.
  - Designed pre and post intervention surveys and conducted the surveys with another researcher.
  - Designed the messaging intervention and deployed it.
  - Analyzed the results of the surveys using statistical tests.
  - Wrote the paper as **first author**
  

- Catalyzing Women's Financial Inclusion: An Analysis of a Mobile Wallet Program in Pakistan
  (Ready for Submission)
  - Did thematic analysis from interview codes that were generated by the team
  - Wrote the Introduction, Data Analysis, Findings and Conclusion sections of the paper
  -  I am the second author on this paper
 
    
- Voice-Based Information Intervention for Hard-to-Reach Populations: Evaluating Quizzes, Short Messages, and Stories as Treatment Modalities.
  (Ready for Submission)
  - Performed Data pre processing and detailed Data Analysis of using several machine learning models
  - Led a team of student researchers and collaborated with them on writing the paper
  - Contributed to defining the conceptual framework of the study and its design

## Teaching Experience

### Viterbi School of Engineering, University of Southern California
Aug 2023 - Present
- DSCI 510 Principals of Programming for Informatics
  Grading Assignments and Labs
  Providing Feedback on Home Works, keeping a track of student performance
### Department of Economics, LUMS  
Aug 2020 - Jan 2020
- ECON-330 Econometrics
  - Taking Statistics and Probability tutorials
  - Teaching Regression Analysis using Stata
  - Designing Home Work Assignments and grading key
  - Grading Home Work Assignments and providing feedback
  - Holding Office Hours
- Econ-211 Intermediate Microeconomics
  - Taking tutorials to teach concepts covered in calss
  - Grading Home Work Assignments
  - Holding Office Hours
- SS 187 Applied Statistics
  - Setting up Home Work Assignments
  - Grading Home Work Assignments
  
